# CS305
Software Security

Throughout my CS305 Software Security Course, we worked with a fictitious client, Artemis Financial (AF).  AF worked with a wide range of clientele and handled a lot of their customers' sensitive information.  As a software developer hired by AF, we needed to deploy industry best practices for securing the transmission of sensitive information through encryption, TLS, certificates, and hashing.
Throughout this project, I thought I did some things very well.  I was able to generate a self-signed certificate for testing purposes, as well as deploy a hashing algorithm to ensure the information wound up at its destination in the same way that it left the sender.  This is important because it ensures the integrity of the data and validates that it had not been altered or tampered with in any way.
I did find several areas of this project challenging, however.  While I was able to deploy the OWASP vulnerability assessment tool, I had some difficulty identifying what the false positives were.  Also, I had a bit of trouble directing my code to my certificate and then loading it to my Tomcat server.
Overall, I believe we were able to increase the layers of security by hashing the data.  However, it would have been better if I were able to get the encryption to work and deploy TLS as well.  I learned quite a bit from this course, as I really had no understanding of any of these concepts prior to taking it.  I now have a basic understanding of having a sercurity mindset while developing software and look forwward to learning more in the future. 
